{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;\red26\green26\blue26;\red17\green69\blue150;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c5490\c5490\c5490;\csgenericrgb\c10196\c10196\c10196;\csgenericrgb\c6667\c27059\c58824;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13460\viewh21100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Upgrade to BBEdit\

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \

\f0\fs36 \cf2 Why should I upgrade to BBEdit?\
\

\f1\fs24 \cf3 BBEdit is TextWrangler\'92s elder sibling. It\'92s a text editing power tool, with a rich set of HTML markup tools and other web development aids; an advanced \'93Projects\'94 feature for helping you keep track of related files; integrated support for source-code control using Git, Subversion or Perforce; and many more features to help software developers, web developers, and anyone else with text editing needs to work more smoothly and productively.\
\
We\'92ve put together a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.barebones.com/products/bbedit/comparison.html"}}{\fldrslt handy chart}} comparing BBEdit and TextWrangler, to help you out. And of course, we have a fully functional {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.barebones.com/products/bbedit/demo.html"}}{\fldrslt demonstration version}} so that you can try it out. Finally, the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.barebones.com/products/bbedit/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 BBEdit product page}} is a great place to learn all about it.\
\

\b Note:
\b0  If you are using TextWrangler as part of a managed installation (such as in a school computer lab or as  a company-wide deployment), {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.barebones.com/contact/technical.html"}}{\fldrslt please contact us for assistance}} and we will be happy to help.\
\

\f0\fs36 \cf2 Am I required to purchase BBEdit? I thought TextWrangler was free.\
\

\f1\fs24 \cf3 You are absolutely 
\b not
\b0  required to purchase BBEdit. TextWrangler is true freeware, and you are welcome to use it for as long as you like. Some of our dedicated customers have asked for a way to express their support in a direct way, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.barebones.com/store/?ref=tw_upgrade_splash"}}{\fldrslt purchasing a BBEdit license}} is a great way to do it. If you do decide to try an upgrade, after you use BBEdit\'92s full functionality for the 30-day free period, it will then revert to \'93demo\'94 mode, which is much like the experience of using TextWrangler. BBEdit will never stop working for you.\
\
\

\f0\fs36 \cf2 How much does BBEdit cost?\
\

\f1\fs24 \cf3 A new BBEdit license is just {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.barebones.com/store/?ref=tw_upgrade_splash"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 US$49.99}}. (Do you have an old version of BBEdit? {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.barebones.com/store/bbedit_upgrades.html"}}{\fldrslt Discounted upgrade pricing is available}}.)\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.barebones.com/store/?ref=tw_upgrade_splash"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Go to our store now.}}\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \
\
\

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \ulnone I already own a copy of BBEdit. Do I need to purchase it again?\
\

\f1\fs24 \cf3 You don\'92t need to purchase BBEdit again if you already own a license. If you have an older commercial version, we do invite you to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.barebones.com/store/bbedit_upgrades.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul upgrade to the latest version at a discounted price}}. Of course, if you\'92re already up to date, there\'92s nothing else you need to do. Thank you for your support!\

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \
I already bought BBEdit from the App Store, does that change anything?\
\

\f1\fs24 \cf3 Nope! Once you\'92ve purchased a BBEdit license, you don\'92t have to do so again (unless you need additional licenses for additional users). Thank you again for supporting us.\
\
We\'92ve written up answers to some common questions related to the Mac App Store, you can find them {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.barebones.com/store/macappstore.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul here}}.\
\
\

\f0\fs36 \cf2 I\'92m convinced! Where do I sign up?\
\

\f1\fs24 \cf3 BBEdit is available for purchase {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.barebones.com/store/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul directly from us}}. We appreciate your support!\
\
\

\f0\fs36 \cf2 Is that all?\
\

\f1\fs24 \cf3 Yes! Except to say \'93thank you\'94 for using TextWrangler. Enjoy.\
}